feature: rng primitive refactoring (#2968)
uxlfoundation/oneDAL: docs/source/daal/algorithms/engines/mrg32k3a.rst

.. ******************************************************************************

> .. * Copyright 2020 Intel Corporation

Reviewer: Need to fix comments in many places.

.. *
.. * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. * You may obtain a copy of the License at
.. *
.. *     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.. *
.. * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. * limitations under the License.
.. *******************************************************************************/

mrg32k3a
========

> The engine is based on the 59-bit multiplicative congruential generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The engine based on a 32-bit combined multiple recursive generator
with two components of order 3, optimized for batch processing.
```
